DOC-2032: Added TINY-9818 to the release notes. (#2699)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

== Additions
{productname} 6.5 also includes the following additions:

> === New `init_content_sync` option that initializes the editor iframe using `document.write` instead of `srcdoc`.
> //#TINY-9818
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, a toolbar flicker was identified when editor instances are re-initialized. 
> 
> To reduce this flicker {productname} added a new option called `init_content_sync`.
> 
> This option allows the editor iframe to be initialized using `document.write` instead of `srcdoc`, resulting in a synchronous initialization process. While this fix reduces the toolbar flicker, it is important to note that content flicker may still occur.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== New `init_content_sync` option that initializes the editor iframe using `document.write` instead of `srcdoc`.
//#TINY-9818

In previous versions of {productname}, a toolbar flicker was identified when editor instances are re-initialized. 

As an option to reduce this, {productname} 6.5 includes a new setting, `init_content_sync`.

This option allows the editor iframe to be initialized using `document.write` instead of `srcdoc`, resulting in a synchronous initialization process that reduces toolbar flicker.

NOTE: This new option only reduces toolbar flicker. Content flicker may still occur.
```

Edits and turned the closing admonition into a formal admonition.
